[THEME MUSIC]
>>SEAN STONE:
Welcome to Buzzsaw,
where we cut through
the mainstream narrative
to explore the hidden truths.
I'm your host, Sean Stone,
and with me today is
a familiar guest, Billy Carson.
He's the founder of
4biddenknowledge.com
and unitethe99.com.
Bill has combined forces
with the top anomaly hunters
in the world to form the United
Family of Anomaly Hunters.
Their mission is to
provide enough evidence
of past and present
life on Earth
and other celestial bodies
inside our own solar system.
Today, he joins me to
reveal his research
on genetic manipulation
and much more.
So let's start with this.
You know, recently the
Kazakhstani scientists
have come forth with this
paper talking about the number
37 that appears they say
about nine separate times
in the human genetic coding.
And so they're saying,
look, the coincidence
like that, this would occur
about 1 in 10 trillion times,
right?
So their whole thing is
just based on this number 37
popping up so many
times, they think
it's a sign of
intentional design.
Does this look like vindication
for the Anunnaki theory?
Basically, there has been
tampering, alien manipulation
of the human genome.
>>BILLY CARSON:
Well, it definitely
is evidence of tampering
of the human genome,
because to get that, like they
said, it's one in a trillion.
I mean, you'd have
a better chance
of winning the lottery
every single day before this
can actually happen
just by happenstance
in normal evolution.
So what I think
has really happened
is not only is it vindication
that the Anunnaki came here
and genetically
modified the existing
hominids on this
planet, but I think even
prior to the Anunnaki,
there may have
been other species
visiting this planet
and basically genetically
encoding us as well.
So even the existing
hominid might have already
been modified before
the Anunnaki got here,
and they may have
just put the finishing
touches on that modification.
Because I really do
believe that Earth
is like a gigantic laboratory.
>>SEAN: Well, in fact,
that's the argument made,
is that on one hand, there are
those who say the Anunnaki sky
gods are the ones that
created mankind, basically
from some kind of sapien.
Merging the sapien some
kind of monkey creature,
with the alien to
create a human.
But then there's the argument
that says, wait a minute,
the Anunnaki just were
sort of the last ones
to come to then manipulate
the human genome
or maybe to limit
it, and to basically
create the modern
human, and then
proclaim themselves our gods.
>>CARSON: Right.
>>SEAN: What's
your take on that?
>>CARSON: There's a couple
of takes because, one
is Neanderthal, who is
thought now currently
to be a lower IQ than a human,
some scientists are coming
forward saying, wait a minute,
the actual Neanderthal may have
actually been smarter
than the modern day
human with more cranial space,
and so forth, and just some
of the research.
And smarter not meaning, did
they know quantum physics,
but they were more in tune with
the planet, with the Earth.
They were more in
tune with nature.
They may have had better
access to their higher
sensory perception.
You know, like how
animals can tell
there's an earthquake coming,
and they get out of Dodge
long before it comes.
Or the animals in the
Philippines before the tsunami
hit, the wild animals
all left, you know,
so those type of
intuitions and things,
they might have
been better tuned
than the modern day human.
But it really is showing
that it's possible that even
like the Ubaid culture, who
was here prior to the Anunnaki,
and those Ubaid
statuettes have been
discovered in Iraq,
where they actually
look like reptilian people.
They're prior to the
Anunnaki's arrival.
They were prior to the Sumerian
civilization, I should say.
And they actually depict
humanoid reptilians
even breastfeeding, and these
are some amazing artifacts
that are real, that are
actually in museums.
I actually have a replica
of two of them at my house.
One is a male and
one is a female.
It's actually breastfeeding.
Now, when the Anunnaki
get here, they really
want to take us
to another level,
but to make us subservient
at the same time.
So it's very possible that the
main objective that they had
was to make a slave race that
would be subservient to them,
that would worship them, and
would do all their bidding
with no questions asked.
And that's exactly
what they achieved.
>>SEAN: Because
we are now delving
into this realm of genetic
modification ourselves,
we're starting to
actually understand
the human genome, starting to do
genetic modification on crops,
on animals,
potentially on humans.
And does that then
beg the question,
did the Anunnaki modify us?
Obviously, the texts
talk about them using us
as sort of slave labor.
But did they modify
us and actually
then continue to live
amongst the humans,
but in a human form?
Are they still here basically?
>>CARSON: I believe
they're still here.
I mean, going back
even to the part
where they genetically modified
us potentially as slaves,
it was very interesting the
way that the Atrahasis epic
describes the
creation of mankind,
even when you go through the
seven tablets of creation
in the Enuma Elish, one
of the Anunnaki goddesses,
basically, after many
failed attempts of creating
a perfect human that can
replicate on its own,
they actually had
people here they
were making in these
cloning chambers,
but they couldn't
replicate on their own.
They couldn't reproduce.
Well, she said, OK,
what I'm going to do
is I'm going to take an egg
out of an existing hominid,
I'm going to clean up
the genetic material.
We're going to put genetic
material in from ourselves,
I think it was Enki actually
who donated his sperm,
and then she put the zygote
back in her own womb,
and then took it to full term.
And that's when they actually
created the first genetically
perfected human, the more modern
human that we are right now.
In that, they also did
something with the DNA,
because it's what they
call junk DNA, that's
where they disconnected the
higher levels of consciousness
and intellect to keep
us at a specific level,
but we still had long
lifespans at that time.
But the main goal that they
did this, the reason why
they started that whole
project in the first place,
was because they were tired
of doing all the labor
on this planet, all the mining,
all the farming, and everything
else.
And so that's the first
part of the question.
And the second part of the
question you had asked was--
>>SEAN: Whether or
not the Anunnaki
could still be living
here amongst us
basically as our rulers, as the
elite bloodlines, for example?
>>CARSON: Now, that's
a very good question.
Now, according to
the Emerald Tablets,
which were written by Thoth
the Atlantean, who's actually
the son of Enki, so
he's actually obviously
younger than Enki.
He has been around for
hundreds of thousands of years.
In the Emerald
Tablets, he describes
going into this chamber
underneath the Great Pyramid
called the Halls of Amenti.
And in this chamber
underneath the Great Pyramid,
he actually says he's
descended 100 times
10, which is 100,000 years.
So every so many
years he goes down
to this chamber for
100 years at a time.
So over the course
of so many eons,
he's gone down there for
100,000 combined years.
So the Sumerian text is
only 6,000 years old, as far
as we know, so
based on that, we'd
have to think that these gods,
these people, these beings,
could potentially still be alive
and they could be anywhere.
They could be on Earth.
There are some of
their offspring,
because we do know that Enki
married or mated with humans.
Thoth also took on a
human wife as well,
and this bloodline could be
still here today propagating.
And I really believe
that's the bloodline that
started the pharaonic
bloodline, which
then migrated after the
last pyramid war into Arabia
and then into Europe.
So the bloodline actually
evolved over time,
but they kept it along
a specific route.
When it got to Europe, it
was the Plantagenet bloodline
that is still ruling
the planet to this day.
Now, Plantagenet bloodline
is John Lackland's line.
John Lackland is
the King of England
that signed the Magna Carta.
But every single--
>>SEAN: King John from--
>>CARSON: Exactly.
>>SEAN: From the
Robin Hood legend.
>>CARSON: Exactly.
Yes.
And every president of the
United States of America
is related to John Lackland,
and that Plantagenet bloodline,
which goes back to the
Arabian kings, which goes back
to the Egyptian pharaohs, which
then goes back to the Sumerian
kings list in Iraq.
Think about that for a minute.
The only one president that is
not related to that bloodline
is Van Buren.
>>SEAN: So if we look at the
nature of Anunnaki society,
and we talk about
the Pyramid Wars,
obviously the rivalry that
existed between various blood--
even though they were half
brothers, for example, Enki,
and they were half
brothers, but there
is a rivalry between them,
and then their children
obviously having a
rivalry between them,
and how the children
are essentially
lording over different cities.
Each city took on
a personal god.
What can we understand
about the nature
of what's happening on Earth?
To say that it
doesn't seem like it's
just one faction that's
in total control.
It does seem more of, yes,
there are secret societies
and elites, but it doesn't seem
that there always only getting
what they want.
There does seem to be
a bit of a conflict
and a bit of a power struggle
between the various elite
Illuminati, if you
want to call it.
How would you say
that we can learn
about what's happening on Earth
and the power struggle on Earth
based on Anunnaki society?
>>CARSON: Oh, yeah.
It goes all the way back.
If you look in the biblical
times, you have Cain and Abel,
and then you can go
forward from there.
You know, you have
Palestine and Israel.
I mean, as you go
up in time, you just
see these scenarios where you
have this conflict going on.
In the book of
Deuteronomy in the Bible,
when you really analyze
it and break it down,
you begin to realize that
these wars that are going on
in Deuteronomy are actually
individual gods, were
relatives, in different cities
sending human beings out,
kind of like we do now, to
war against other cities
that they've never been to, to
destroy and pillage and bring
back the riches and
so forth and so on.
So that this particular
entity or this god
can take over that land and
now he's expanded his kingdom.
And this has been so embedded
into the human culture,
this style or this technique of
conquer, divide, and acquire,
and then you still have these
bloodlines, which are still
here, even down the line.
They're down the line,
but they're still here,
and they still have the same
mentality, the same concept.
The concept is to
use humans as cattle,
send them out, conquer,
divide, and acquire.
And they're just battling
each other back and forth.
There are multiple
secret societies
warring against each other.
One of the most famous
ones really right
now currently is you have the
Rothschilds and Rockefellers
and then you have George Soros.
He has his own little
society, and then
you have the Rockefellers,
they go head to head.
I mean, Soros has done so many
undermining things to them,
and they've done so many
undermining things to him.
They've both crashed
economies just
on their own word and
decisions that they've
made in banking and so forth.
But they're in a
little battle as well.
And even George Soros is in a
battle with the United States,
an undermining
battle, where he does
things to undermine the United
States dollar and things
like that.
So those secret wars, or
behind the scenes wars,
are still going on
until this very day.
>>SEAN: What can we learn
about the Illuminati
from Anunnaki religion?
Because the Illuminati is
interesting in the sense
that we know from
Weishaupt's intentions,
people will actually say, look,
actually he's very positive.
He's talking about
revolution against kings
and against organized
religion, and basically he's
talking about freeing
people's thought
and having to do this obviously
through secret societies
because of the
nature of the time.
If you wanted free thought at
the time of the Inquisition,
obviously they would
kill you for this.
So what can we say about
the nature of the Illuminati
as far as is it
sort of an extension
of any kind of Anunnaki
religion or maybe in opposition
to Anunnaki religion?
>>CARSON: The Illuminati
is an extension
of the mystery schools,
which started way
before Egypt even existed.
It was from the Land of Khem.
In the Emerald Tablets, the
first thing that Thoth does
is--
it starts on Atlantis,
the actual island itself.
Thoth's dad sends him
to the Land of Khem.
He gets in his ship,
and he says he rises up
and then he actually
lands on Khem.
When he gets out,
there's barbarians.
His job is to bring them to a
higher level of civilization.
From there, when they
get to a certain level,
he opens up the
Mystery Schools and he
begins to teach these people
the higher things, dimensions,
technology, quantum physics, all
the stuff that they need know,
the universe and
everything else.
How things work.
Even to a higher level,
talking about even
manipulating the ether through
vibrations and thought.
So these Mystery
Schools maintained
for many, many years, and
they were for invitation only,
but they were for
enlightenment of the race.
Over time, as some of these
gods left and disappeared,
like Thoth, for example, after
he was gone, he became a deity.
He wasn't a deity
when he was here.
He was a deity after he left.
And many years after
he left, and then
all of a sudden, the
Pyramid priests figured out,
oh, wow, we can use this
as a control method.
So that was the beginning
of one of the very first
secret societies was
the Mystery Schools.
When the gods left, and
when Thoth left, Enki left,
it was, OK, now we
can manipulate this.
We can use this on
the people, and they
began using it
against the people
for many different things, and
it evolved over many years.
So even though the
Illuminati maybe started up
as another branch
to say, we need
to do this because we're trying
to create our own revolution,
but then again, it
always turns out
to be the same thing,
control and manipulation.
Same with religion.
Same with politics.
It always turns into
a control factor.
>>SEAN: And in
terms of religion,
obviously we've heard
people proclaim that we're
reaching the end times, right?
There's a lot of symbols around
the nature of the trumpets are
flaring and we're entering
revelations, and then
this whole thing about
Russia and China.
Obviously, a conflict
with Russia and China,
the US being part of
this Book of Revelation.
Do you believe that
this is basically
a script that's being played
out as according to what's
been set down by the
controllers of religion, to say
the idea is to create
basically another nuclear war
or some kind of genocidal
thing to get rid
of large parts of
the population?
>>CARSON: It's possible, but I
have little slightly different
take on it.
I think that a lot of these
wars are all fabricated
from the very beginning.
In other words, when
I say fabricated,
I don't mean that people aren't
dying and fighting because they
are fighting and dying.
But even if you go
back to the Civil War,
you discover that it
was funded on both sides
by the same group.
And every war thereafter,
including World War I,
World War II, the Vietnam
War, that was a whole lie,
the Gulf of Tonkin lie that
started the whole Viet-- it's
all about profits,
money, and control,
and keeping the people
fighting each other.
And they really see
human beings as cattle.
They don't care if we
destroy each other,
wipe each other out
to a certain point.
They'll pull back when they need
to keep a specific amount here.
But when you go into the
ancient Sumerian text,
you find that Enlil himself,
when the people started
getting too loud and too
obnoxious, he would say,
cull the humans.
Cull them.
Put a plague out there.
They had weather
control, because he said,
dry the fields out.
No food.
No food will grow
for a year or two,
and he'd kill them off that way.
They'd send people to these
wars that didn't make any sense,
so they had the ability
to do this back then,
and it's still progressing
into this current day.
I don't think there's going
to be a nuclear war that
will end everything, because
they're not that dumb.
And I think, based
on what I've seen
in 2010 from the Disclosure
Project, which actually
broadcasted live on CNN, you
had all those military soldiers
from the 1960s and '70s
come forward, and say
that these UFOs came
to the missile silos
and turned off the nukes.
So I don't think we're
going to see a nuclear war.
I just think it's
a lot of theater,
and that theater generates
revenue for those countries.
>>SEAN: But if there's theater,
there's also a real rivalry,
and that begs the question of
who do you think is in charge?
Is it Enki or Enlil or
any of their children
that ultimately believes that
they have the mantle of--
tablets of destiny, for
example, the mantle of kingship
over the Earth at this point?
>>CARSON: It's actually Amun-Ra,
who is Marduk, Thoth's brother.
Because during the last
Pyramid War, he was defeated.
I don't think he
took that too well.
He had to escape, number
one, and during his escape,
right before he decided to
leave and like rule from space,
is what he basically
says, he actually
turned over the riches of
the kingdom to the rakam.
The rakam means
offspring of, and when
you translate the word kam,
K-A-M, into more modern terms,
the word kam is shield.
So he transferred the
riches and the rulership
of this Earth and the
kingdom to the Ra shields.
And that's who's running the
planet till this very day.
>>SEAN: And a lot of
inner fighting, as I
understand it, between even
within that family itself.
But you talk about the nature
of war as profiting countries.
Obviously, we know
that it's been
tremendous for the
amount of national debt
that ultimately goes back
to the private banks that
are behind the central
banking system itself.
So these wars are tremendous
for putting people into debt,
but is there
something else that's
part of the design for the war?
I'm thinking maybe things
like ritual sacrifice,
and how would blood
sacrifice play
into the design of conflict.
>>CARSON: These elites are
vary into blood sacrifice,
and these rituals, like
the Bohemian Grove rituals,
where they worship the owl and
do these sacrifices out there.
Whether they're real or
not, I don't really know.
But I know that
they're doing them.
But it seems so weird that
a lot of these leaders
and these rules and
these elite people
are so much into
this sacrifice stuff,
and it's almost as if
they are on a time scale
with these, like every
so many years or months,
they start these problems, or,
I guess, you want to call it,
issues with other countries.
They have an issue
with embargoes,
they have an issue with
trade, they have an issue
with-- they move warships
into certain areas
to trigger certain responses
from other countries.
And then all of
a sudden, we have
a situation that breaks out.
And in the end, a lot of people
die, and for whatever reason,
these elite people get a
satisfaction out of it.
I looked at some
of the politicians.
I don't know if I can name
their names in America that
have ordered drone
strikes on people,
and have killed literally
millions of innocent civilians
in other countries.
>>SEAN: As far as the actual
controllers within the system,
at the end of the day, we're
talking about the managers,
the politicians, the
bankers, the military men,
they don't really seem like that
they themselves run the system.
Obviously, they're part
of it, but aren't they
also enslaved by the
system themselves?
>>CARSON: Yes.
See, one of the biggest
things that a lot of people
don't realize is not only
are we the prisoners,
but we're also
the prison guards.
And when somebody really
understands what that means,
and they go, oh my
god, you're right.
Because we're
governing ourselves,
and it's like the
crab in the bucket.
When you have one crab try
to climb out of bucket,
the other crabs grab it and
pull it right back down again.
And so we have the
whole police system,
we have the military system,
we have the political system,
and all these systems are
designed to keep all of us
in check, including
them, because they've
got to follow orders as well.
If they don't follow
orders, then they lose out.
And unfortunately, some of the
ones at the higher levels, they
sell themselves out
to enrich themselves.
They literally sell
out the human race
to enrich themselves
knowing that this
is going to cause
damage, trauma,
and even destroy
the environment.
But because they're at a
higher, more comfortable level,
it seems to be OK with them.
But at the same
time, we're still
all on the same playing ground.
There's still
somebody above them,
and I really believe
it potentially
could be Amun-Ra, who's
also named Marduk,
still running the show
from behind the scenes.
Because he had to
escape out of here.
I don't think he
took it that well.
He already had took a war,
according to the text,
to take over earlier
than he was supposed to.
Before his constellation arose,
he took over a little early,
and that caused a lot of battles
between him and his brother.
And he actually ended
up, Thoth ended up
leaving Egypt
because of Amun-Ra.
They were fighting too much.
>>SEAN: But part of the sadism
makes me wonder, obviously,
we hear a lot accounts
about demons and about--
there's a spiritual
dimension, ghosts, the idea
that you're doing sacrifices,
but ultimately, these spirits
have to go somewhere,
and maybe they
are feeding into
a demonic energy.
How did the demons play
into the Anunnaki story?
Because it would not
necessarily be the same thing.
Demons can be separate
from these sky gods.
>>CARSON: Absolutely.
What they did was they
manipulated the whole--
Enlil was the one behind it.
People began to realize that
Enki and Thoth were really
helping mankind and taking
them to another level,
and they would go around
really helping people.
Enlil despised that.
He didn't want any interaction.
He didn't want people
helping any humans.
It made him an enemy
of his own relatives.
He began to call Enki, Satan
and the devil, and so forth.
He's the one who actually
is the evil person,
but then tried to flip
it on his own relatives,
and make it say that
they were the serpents,
and they were the evil devils,
and so forth and so on.
But now, when it comes to a
lot of these rituals, what
the rituals are
really doing, it's
not that so much that
you're pulling entities
out of other dimensions.
What happens is
words have power,
and this is why we call it
spelling, S-P-E-L-L dash ING,
because we're casting spells.
Every word we speak,
literally casts a spell.
Every book you read
is casting a spell.
People don't understand.
They think, this sounds evil.
No, but it's not.
Even when you
pray, you're trying
to cast a spell in your favor.
So words have power because
they create a vibration
and that vibration and frequency
has control over the ether.
It's already been proven.
Frequency and vibration
make everything we see.
It creates our reality tunnels.
So what these people
are doing when
they start doing these rituals
and doing all these chants
and things, it's because
they're trying to make--
they're trying to create a new
tunnel through the actual ether
itself to benefit themselves.
They're actually
creating something
within the universal
consciousness that actually
creates something
in their own reality
that actually they can manifest.
Thoth talks about this
in the Emerald Tablets,
where he actually is able to
manifest bricks and stone out
of speech and vibration
from his own voice.
>>SEAN: Do we have
any indication
that Enki and sort of the more
positive side of the Anunnaki
are trying to basically reassert
any influence over Marduk
and Enlil?
>>CARSON: I haven't
seen anything yet.
I've heard some things
that Thoth is coming back,
or that he's here
now, and he's going
to try to work with his dad
and try to bring things back
into balance.
It's very possible.
A lot of the
ancient texts always
talk about them coming back.
They've always said
they're coming back.
You know, it seems like they've
been gone for a long time,
but we're talking
about human lifespans.
If somebody can live
for over 100,000 years,
it's nothing but a
blink of an eye for them
if they leave for 400
years, 1,000 years.
It's nothing.
They just went
around the corner.
So we can't really
perceive time in that way,
but it seems as if we're really
overdue for some help here.
I would open my heart
to some help right now.
I'm telling you.
>>SEAN: One place that seems
to be very relevant to indicate
the ancient past is Antarctica.
The Piri Reis Map indicates
Antarctica obviously
always wasn't covered, or
wasn't always covered by ice.
Then there's this
whole new theory
that part of the reason
for some nuclear weapon
deployments that the
US has been doing,
or at least did
during the Cold War,
was actually to
artificially warm the ice,
and essentially start to access
natural resources in the South
Pole.
Or do you think it's
beyond natural resources?
It's actually about discovering
ancient cities or indications
of the Anunnaki civilization?
>>CARSON: Yeah.
I think that Antarctica
is just an amazing place.
I tell everybody.
Please go on Google Earth
and go to Antarctica,
because you can see that
almost every country has
a base in Antarctica right now.
And it's actually
a neutral zone.
In other words, if
I'm your worst enemy,
I can't shoot you,
kill you, attack you,
or kill you in Antarctica.
It's a free zone.
But they're all there doing
these top secret projects,
and working on the same thing.
Whatever the case may be.
I do really feel-- because
back in the early days,
we would set off nuclear
bombs for anything just
to see what we can do.
We tried to open up the
atmosphere to release radiation
by blowing up a bomb in space.
And I don't see any
reason why they wouldn't
have tried to blow up a bomb.
We blew up a little island
in the middle of the Pacific
just to do a test.
So they probably did blow up
some regions of Antarctica
to try to break some
of that ice away,
and see if they
could make maybe can
find an entrance, or also,
find out what's there,
some technology.
Because they probably already
did a scan of the area,
and said, OK, there's
something so many meters down,
or so many miles down.
Let's take this top
layer off, and see
if we can start to get to it.
So it's very possible
that they did that.
I know that there's a
lot of artifacts there.
And when you look
on Google Earth,
you see gigantic ancient bases.
They'd have to be,
because these stone
walls are so old
and so dilapidated,
but they're super megalithic.
So once again, this
is not normal masonry.
These are gigantic blocks.
I'm talking about blocks that
would rival the pyramid blocks.
So you've got to say, OK,
did the Nazis build this?
Because I don't
think they would have
built a megalithic structure.
At the time, I think they
built some stuff there,
and I think that they're
maybe still there.
But I don't think
that they build
those megalithic structures.
>>SEAN: Of course,
it begs the question
of why the Nazis were in
Antarctica in the first place.
What was it?
Why did they want to build
Neuschwabenland in the poles.
>>CARSON: They had
been chasing down
every piece of ancient
texts and ancient relic.
They went to Tibet.
They went everywhere all over
this world scouring this planet
for all this
ancient information,
because they wanted to know
how to create things out
of the ether.
They wanted to know how to
create vimanas that could fly,
and they wanted to get
a hold of these people.
And I believe that
they made contact
with these pre-Adamite
people, and maybe
some of these Pleiadian
type, Tall Whites,
or whatever down
there, and I really
think that they got accepted,
for whatever reason,
these people seemed to
me have helped them,
and maybe even accepted
them into the society.
And some of them may have
still been there all this time.
>>SEAN: So do you
think that there
is potential entry into the
Inner Earth through the poles?
>>CARSON: There's
no doubt about it.
You can see them from
the Google Earth.
You can see gigantic,
massive openings.
Some are several
kilometers wide.
They go right in.
There's been accounts of
military pilots flying
into some of these openings.
Corey Goode does a great job
explaining one of the openings,
from his own
experience, that he saw
this massive underground
city that went on for miles.
>>SEAN: And is this where
some of the Anunnaki
could have gone?
Some of the Enki and
Thoth type of figures
would have gone,
to the Inner Earth?
>>CARSON: It's very possible.
Because in the Sumerian
tablets, when Enki gets here,
Enlil builds his
mansion above ground.
And Enki actually uses a
tool to drill into the ground
and builds a complete palace
deep in the Earth innards,
it says.
So it is very possible.
They're used to living
underground already,
so it's very possible that there
still could be something there.
I remember Phil Schneider in
the '80s had come forward.
He was a US military
geologist that
was helping with an underground
base, and one layer broke free
and they fell into this
underground chamber
where there was an
alien base of some sort.
He didn't recognize
them as human,
and even a war broke
out where he was shot
and his hand was sliced with
these kind of laser slicing,
and his body was
kind of cut open.
And he lived for a little while
after, but eventually died
from his wounds.
But he was one of
the first people
to really come out
and say, look, I'm
a geologist for the military.
I opened this area up, and
there were people down there.
>>SEAN: And as far
as Antarctica goes,
you've mentioned in
your work that there's
a correlation of structures
between Antarctica
and the structures you've
seen there and Mars, as far
as the anomalies are concerned.
>>CARSON: Oh, yeah.
There's a super massive
pyramid in Antarctica.
I mean super massive.
And some military
soldiers have come forward
and talked actually
to Linda Moulton
Howe with their
testimony about the fact
that it's still emitting
some type of exotic energy.
And now, you have
all the leaders
of the world have
gone down there,
everybody from the Queen of
England, to Donald Trump,
to Obama.
Everybody's gone
to this location.
More recently, Buzz Aldrin went
there, one of the first people
to walk on the moon,
and he was completely
horrified at what he found out.
He actually went
on Twitter and made
a tweet that said something
to the effect of they are
pure evil and we're in trouble.
Within four or five hours,
it had gotten deleted.
But the tweet,
luckily, was obviously
saved by millions of
people, so we can probably
find that very easily.
But he did make that tweet.
Then they said he was sick, and
then they extradited him out
of there immediately.
But there are massive
megalithic walls there,
there's pyramids there, and
there's massive openings
by these megalithic walls
to the inside of somewhere.
How deep they go, I don't know?
I would say it's safe to
say that there's definitely
something down there
worthwhile, because why would
all the countries of the world
spend all that energy, money,
finances, and research
to stay down there?
>>SEAN: Indeed.
So on the whole, we talked
about obviously the notion
that potentially Enki and this
sort of more positive side
of the Anunnaki might be
stepping forward in the future
to sort of make their
presence more felt,
or to start to shift away
from the influence of Marduk
and the Enlil faction,
but what is it ultimately
that you think
the Anunnaki still
want with humans at this point?
>>CARSON: Yeah.
I think that the ones that
are here, believe it or not,
there's a rumor that--
it's not even really
a rumor, but I
guess it is a hypothesis,
that some of them
got stuck here after
the last Pyramid War.
Some chose to stay.
But when I say stuck here,
because after your own planet
with this gravity
versus your home planet,
which supposedly was
four or six times larger,
and you're here for so many
thousands of years, millennia,
your body then adjusts
to this gravity.
It's almost impossible for
you to go back and sustain
a normal life on that planet.
When astronauts come
back, just from being
in space for a little
while, they can barely walk.
Imagine if it was millennia
that they were up there,
and then came back.
They'd be completely
disintegrated.
So their bodies had gotten
used to the Earth's gravity,
and I think that some of
them had already taken wives,
and they decided to stay.
But ultimately, the bloodlines
who are told about the truth,
they want to make it
back to the stars.
So I think ultimately,
what's happening
is human beings are still
being used as cattle,
because we're a
means to their end,
and their end is to use us
to get all the resources,
to get all the finances--
even though it's fake money,
but to generate enough resources
through that
method, that system,
that they can work on
the secret space program,
and they can get themselves back
out into the space and stars.
>>SEAN: Right.
But the notion being that
they lost the technology
at some point.
They had the technology to
travel, and they lost that.
>>CARSON: They lost
it, absolutely.
Because, for example, let's
say we have a spaceship,
and we travel to another planet.
We crash land.
OK, then we have--
our kids are there with
us, and they go on,
and they mate and everything,
and they have more kids.
And by the second
or third generation,
that wreck is just
a piece of metal.
It means nothing.
I mean, they have no technology
to get off their planet.
They don't even have a way to
make a screen or a cell phone
or anything.
They've got to start
literally from zero.
And I think that after
that last Pyramid War
and when the Anunnaki
did leave, they
took a lot of the technology
they had with them.
They cleaned house down here.
They took stuff out
of the Great Pyramid.
They buried entire cities
that were advanced cities.
They just found
another 300 or 400
buried pyramids right
in the sands of Giza.
These cities are buried.
I mean, this sand is
imported and dumped there,
and there's many
places around the world
like that this has happened.
So I believe that
they're in the process,
or having in the
process, over millennia
of getting back to space.
To us, again, it seems
like a long period of time,
but to them, it's just--
even if it's generational,
they don't care.
It's a mission that I
believe that they're on.
And the whole secret behind the
33rd degree Masons, the biggest
secret behind it all,
besides all the mysteries
and things like that, the
biggest secret is space travel.
Because in order to
leave the planet Earth,
you have to travel 33
times the speed of sound
to leave this planet.
And that's the biggest secret of
them all that's behind the 33--
it's about getting
off this planet.
It's about getting
back into the stars.
>>SEAN: It's fascinating.
Fascinating insights.
Thank you so much,
Billy, for your time.
>>CARSON: I appreciate it.
>>SEAN: And there
you have it, folks.
Great insights
from Billy Carson.
You may not agree with or
believe everything said here
today, so I urge you to
check out his web site
4biddenknowledge.com
for more details.
Remember, the road to
truth is a perilous path
along the buzz saw's edge, and
requires constant reassessment.
I'm your host, Sean Stone.
You are the revolution.